chore: refactor transfer process description (#238)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/ids-specification: transfer/transfer.process.protocol.md

## 1 Introduction

A [Transfer Process](../model/terminology.md#transfer-process) (TP) involves two parties, a [Provider](../model/terminology.md#provider) that offers one or more [Datasets](../model/terminology.md#dataset) under a [Usage Policy](../model/terminology.md#policy) and a [Consumer](../model/terminology.md#consumer) that requests [Datasets](../model/terminology.md#dataset). A TP progresses through a series of states, which are controlled by the [Provider](../model/terminology.md#provider) and [Consumer](../model/terminology.md#consumer) using messages. A TP transitions to another state as a result of an exchanged message.

### 1.1 Prerequisites

To put the document into the right context, some non-normative descriptions of the core concepts follow in this subsection.

#### 1.1.1 Control and Data Planes

> A TP involves two logical constructs, a control plane and a data plane. Services on the _control plane_ serve as a coordinating layer that receives messages and manages the local state of the TP (same as for the [Catalog Protocol](../model/terminology.md#catalog-protocol) and the [Contract Negotiation Protocol](../model/terminology.md#contract-negotiation-protocol)). The _data plane_ performs the actual transfer of data using a wire protocol. Both participants in a data sharing scenario run services located on control and/or data plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TP involves two logical constructs, a control plane and a data plane. Services on the _control plane_ are defined by this protocol and together serve as a coordinating layer that receive messages and manage the local state of the TP (same as for the [Catalog Protocol](../model/terminology.md#catalog-protocol) and the [Contract Negotiation Protocol](../model/terminology.md#contract-negotiation-protocol)). The _data plane_ performs the actual transfer of data using a wire protocol. Both participants in a data sharing scenario run services logically regarded as control and/or data plane services.
```

Author: Services on the control plane are not defined by this protocol... I tried to get away from any architectural patterns implying that control plane and data plane are services "inside" a connector.

Singular form was correct, referring to the coordination layer. I have rearranged the sentence and applied the other feedback.
